# Getting Started With Your zyBook

This course uses a [zyBook](https://www.zybooks.com/) as the primary
instructional resource. zyBooks are highly visual, highly interactive, contain
less text than a normal textbook, and use pedagogical approaches that have demonstrated 
[positive results in student learning](https://www.zybooks.com/research/).

The course zyBook is tightly integrated into the Canvas course, and a
substantial portion of your graded assignments come from the zyBook.
Therefore, you should consider this as a **required** resource for this course
and you should **not** opt out of this resource in 
[All Access](https://www.aubookstore.com/t-textbook_allaccess.aspx). 

## Accessing Your zyBook

Do **not** go directly to the zyBook website and create a new account.
Instead, your zyBook account will be automatically created when you access and
subscribe to the zyBook by clicking on a link to the zyBook provided in this
course in Canvas.

You should have received an email from
`noreply@auburn.edu` regarding purchasing access to the zyBook through the All
Access program. You will need the access code provided in that email to access
the course zyBook for the first time.

The next section in this module is a direct link to the Table of Contents of
the course zyBook. When you visit that page in Canvas, your name and email
address will be passed to zyBooks establishing a link between your "copy" of
the zyBook and your Canvas account. This will allow points you earn in the
zyBook to be recorded in the Canvas gradebook. The first time you visit that
page, zyBooks will present a screen through which you subscribe to the course
zyBook using the access code provided in the email referenced above. Since
this course participates in the All Access program, the cost of the zyBook
will be posted to your AU eBill and, once you subscribe using your access
code, you will be able to access the course zyBook for the period indicated on
the subscription screen.

Information about opting in, opting out, refunds, etc. for All Access
resources is linked [here](https://www.aubookstore.com/t-textbook_allaccess.aspx).



